well I howdy there I don't have people
it's Bo again so today we're going to
talk about the campaign promise we need
to hear the one that is possibly the
most important campaign promise that any
candidate can make and it's one that
should be being made right now over and
over again and we're not hearing it from
anybody right now everybody's focused on
Trump out who can beat Trump fine yeah
that's important that needs to happen
okay but we also have to acknowledge the
one great thing that president Trump
accomplished and he did he pulled the
curtain back
he showed exactly how much power the
executive branch has taken from the
legislative and judicial branches over
the years he's demonstrated it he's
shown everybody that we don't have three
co-equal branches of government anymore
he's shown that they're rubber-stamps
he's he's shown that the Constitution is
not being upheld that power that he is
wildung like a toddler who's found his
father's pistol is dangerous the only
thing that is protecting this country
right now is the fact that Trump is all
show if this was a thinking man this
country would be over we're lucky in the
fact that he's a nod he doesn't
understand
unintended consequences and that's
pretty much the only thing protecting us
right now that Constitution it's a piece
of paper
unless it's adhered to it doesn't matter
it means nothing the campaign promise
that we need to hear and hear from every
candidate who is seeking that office is
that they're going to use that executive
power that the current president has
abused to pretty much nullify this
entire presidency
and then give that power up return it to
the legislative branch return it to the
judicial branch turn those branches back
into co-equal parts of the government if
that's not done nothing else matters
you can campaign for Medicare for all
you can campaign for anything it doesn't
matter because if the president has that
level of authority doesn't matter what
gets passed it can be undone there is no
future there's four-year terms of a
country subjected to the whims of
whoever won a popularity contest
honestly that's the only campaign
promise that matters anything else is
just window dressing we need a president
who doesn't actually want power we need
a president who wants to return the
country to some form of normalcy and I'm
sure that there are people out there who
are saying no we want them to use that
power to enact our agenda that's great
it'll be undone the country will get
nowhere until a thinking man with
trump's moral flexibility takes that
office and then we'll get somewhere we
don't want to be
those offices were never supposed to be
our rulers they're our employees they're
not acting like it now and they don't
have to because all of the power has
been concentrated the checks and
balances you were taught about in the
third grade they don't exist they're
gone we need a president who has the
integrity to give that power up anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
night